nah
God
this is Greg Carlson for 120 seconds TV
101 class and today the big topic is I
think that would need a high school we
really need it what are you packing down
possibly great thank you thank you Matt
Sullivan thank you cut it out of how do
we control people from fighting we were
your hear them hear them until I can't
breathe you're him in the stomach anyway
once I can't read it pick them up all
right I'm over with junior classmen
table and frankly the sophomores are
scared I want to talk to some of the
bigger juniors though and see how they
feel about the fighting issue it we need
a high school Brett's pokey how do you
feel about the fighting at you at we
need a high squid is it getting out of
hand no that's not getting other hand
nothing we should stop it yeah sure yeah
but I hurt in the family yeah brother
school and the family in the family what
do you think know from the kids to be
going to the church yeah tell me I thank
you brett skokie thank you it with mr.
Charlie Walker possibly Juanita high
schoolers possibly even America's finest
administrator can we have a few comments
on padding at juanita high school
finding that Juanita high school in any
other school is wrong there has to be a
better way to solve problems other than
violence violence is simply an
exhibition of immaturity that must be a
mature way to solve problems other than
fighting
Thank You mr. Walker thank you all right
we're going to interview a sophomore now
hi what's your name great great that's
just great so what do you do around here
anyway great hey swell that's real nice
all right um so how you been all right
that's great well it's been great
talking with sophomores and I can tell
that they really care about this problem
thank you very much this is great cause
and again and any of my lunch and
this has already been for third period
there's six fights have already broken
out today we need a high school this
place is getting out of hand I don't
know how much more I can survive this I
know hey look there's Steve Garvey he's
gotten to fight today with under patent
let's go have a talk with him Steve can
you tell us what happened today where
did I school Andre jumped me why didn't
you jump you because I didn't give shoes
this house is that the only reason
that's Louie's I know well obviously
don't you think fighting is stupid yeah
I'm there's a truck in his dented I'm
sorry about the Frog dinners Bernard
okay all right thank you very much Steve
Garvey thank you speed up here we are
with Andre patent so there we got an
atlas Garvey we've heard Steve Garvey's
toilets were on dress under what
happened today between you and Steve
Garvey he mentioned something about
shoes okay sniffling his Nikes made no
this morning we're getting right leg are
we here supposed to give speed of that
place he's supposed to my shoes and
everything they left Thursday before
that he forgot Jeff and she went back to
dress in red by their rooms let's get my
shoes every day so go and outside I
pushed my curse and then he stretched
out on me I only protect myself and self
defense bails I got Mel's lit only I see
it even thank you very much thank you
I've heard all about you in high school
why I was perfect but I'll say one thing
I never skipped classes and others did
my homework I did a couple things
remember decorating at one of my
teachers cars and keval this is mike
jensen reporting for 120 seconds and i
just like to say that I think most
stupid thing in the whole wide world and
a big guy like me we've never ever get
in a fight and never ever wanna hurt
anybody the one my dad is a teacher at
this school and he'd beat you up anyway
this is bad time and well I just like to
say if anybody ever tried fight with me
I'd use my cut to from on because I
didn't mean us karate dude around in
this whole I'm all them I'll beat you up
so don't you dare mess with me or Mike
Jensen school or family well actually
I've seen it do ice what time of year it
is and it's when your hormones are the
highest and well on this time I lose my
hormones are jumping pretty high yeah so
you cut it out of how do we control
people from fighting do you hear them
you hear me tight I can't breathe you're
him in the stomach anybody comes in here
Bridgette pick them up alright thank you
Jason Monahan fighting at juanita high
school and any other school is wrong
there has to be a better way to solve
problems other than violence violence is
simply an exhibition of immaturity that
must be a mature way to solve problems
other than fighting I don't know if your
software today but hopefully it's open
some people's eyes bought fighting the
real high school stay tuned next week
for very big topic no food or drink in
the Commons
thank you